[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Having finally
returned from Snake Way,
Goku easily took control
of the battle with Nappa.
That was my...
My ultimate technique,
and he just...
[VEGETA]
That's enough, Nappa.
Back down...!
I believe the traitor has proven
himself to be your match.
Don't give me that look!
Thanks to your
monumental incompetence,
it seems I have
no choice but to
step in and finish this myself.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NAPPA growls]
Yeah... This is stupid!
I can't believe I have to turn
over your execution to Vegeta.
But orders are orders.
Vegeta will finish you off.
Still, I can't just walk away
without destroying someone!
Heh... Ahhh!!
Gohan! Krillin...!
I gotta move!
[NAPPA yells]
[NAPPA laughs]
[GOKU] I'm not
gonna make it in time!
[NAPPA screams]
[BOTH yell]
Kaio-ken! Ahh!!
What?
[NAPPA yells]
[BOTH yell]
[NAPPA grunts]
[thud]
[NAPPA groans]
Oww... that really really hurt!
He won't be able
to fight anymore...
Take your injured friend
and leave this planet.
Just go back to where
you came from, right now.
[VEGETA] What did I
just witness...?
For just a split second his
speed and power skyrocketed.
[KRILLIN] Uh... Goku,
how did you do that?
Was that one of the new
techniques that you learned
from King Kai while
you were off training?
Yeah... It's called
the Kaio-ken.
By controlling every ounce
of energy in your body,
you can amplify
it for a short burst...
When you do it correctly,
your power, speed,
destructive force and defensive
force can all be increased alot.
That's awesome...!
As strong as
you already are,
you mean you can make yourself
even stronger, just like that?!
Heh... That's right.
Goku, why do
you tease us?
This isn't a good time
to be playing around...
If you had that trick up
your sleeve the whole time
then you should've
used it right away!
[GOKU] Sorry, but that
wasn't an option.
If I don't stay
in complete control
while I'm boosting my energy,
then I could really
mess myself up.
Uhh...
Y'see...
[KING KAI]
Now listen carefully...
At your level you
simply cannot use
the Kaio-ken too much
at any one time.
If at any point in
the process you lose control
you could severely
harm your body...
That's why you should
raise your power
to no more than double.
Performing a Kaio-ken at
more than double your power
will put too much
strain on your body.
In other words,
your body won't be able to
keep up with the Kaio-ken
and the entire move will
end up backfiring on you.
[GOKU]
Mm Hmm... I understand.
That's about it.
Th-That's crazy!
[NAPPA] Uh... Vegeta...
Please... Help me.
[NAPPA grunts]
Oh... Thank you boss...
[NAPPA laughs]
[VEGETA laughs]
Sure...
[NAPPA yells]
[VEGETA YELLS]
[GOKU. GOHAN,
and KRILLIN gasp]
[NAPPA] What's wrong
with you?! Vegeta! Vegeta!
I have no use for
a paralyzed Saiyan...
You're dead weight now!
[NAPPA yells]
[VEGETA yells]
Wow! What power...!
Dad, Dad, make it stop!
Ah! The wind...!
I can't even open my eyes!
Die!
[VEGETA yells]
[NAPPA yells]
Ve-Vegeta!
[VEGETA laughs]
[NAPPA yells]
[thud]
[explosion]
He... he's... psycho...!
He just killed his own
partner for no reason!
[GOKU]
Gohan... Krillin...
I want both of you to go
back to Master Roshi's house
right now, understand?
Yeah... We get it...
You heard what your dad said,
Gohan... Come on, let's go.
Uh... But... I... I...
You saw what
this guy can do.
He's too
much for us...
If we stick around here
we aren't gonna be any help.
All we'll end up doing is
making Goku worry about us
rather than concentrating on
beating that stupid Saiyan!
[GOHAN stammers]
But Dad... are you sure?
Sorry Gohan...
but Krillin's right.
This guy's stronger than I
originally thought he would be.
'Kay... Fine...
I guess I understand.
Oh, right... Goku...
I was wondering if there's
a way you could move
this fight to another location.
Huh...?
I don't think our
friends will appreciate it
if their bodies get blown up...
before we have a chance
to wish 'em back to life.
[GOKU] Wish them
back to life...?
But Piccolo's dead,
which means Kami is too...
I hate to say it, Krillin...
but the Dragon Balls
are gone forever...
there's no way they'll
ever be able to have
another chance at life.
[KRILLIN] I'm not sure...
we'll see about that.
Wait... are you...
are you talking about...?
What...? What's that?
Don't worry Goku...
I'll explain later.
Just promise me this, okay?
That you'll beat that
guy and come back alive!
Come back alive... Right...
Well then, I don't have much
of a choice now, do I guys?
Heh... I'll do my best.
Let's get on with it!
What happened to all
that enthusiasm you had?
Are you just going to
run away like a little baby?
Alright then...
I'll try to lure him as
far away from this place
as I possibly can...
I'll be seeing the
two of you really soon. Huh?
One last thing...
I'm sorry we have to...
leave our...fate to
you alone... but...
Don't you even think
about dying on me, friend.
Heh...
Right.
Be careful, Dad.
[GOKU] Gohan.
Whadda ya say once I
finish this business here...
how about you and
I go fishing together?
[GOHAN gasps]
Yeah!
[VEGETA laughs]
[VEGETA]
I take it you realize
there's no use in
running away...
Let's finish this
someplace else.
Fine by me...
Makes no difference.
Good... luck, dad.
[GOKU] I shouldn't
be surprised...
He's about as
confident as they come.
[KRILLIN]
Gohan... Hey, Gohan!
[GOHAN] Yeah?
We'd better hurry back
to Master Roshi's.
Worrying about it's not
going to help things...
It's out of our hands now.
We've turned the fate
of the world over to him.
[GOHAN sighs]
It's gonna be okay!
I'm sure Goku will beat
that guy, no sweat!
Hey... Look... Let's head
home to a nice cooked meal
and show your
mom you're alright.
Ah... Right!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Hmm... Ha!
[GOKU]
This spot should do.
From what I can tell there's
no people or animals nearby.
Interesting...
Of all the places
on your planet
you choose this
as your gravesite.
[VEGETA laughs]
You should feel lucky.
Not every low-class
warrior gets the chance
to spar with a
super-elite like myself.
Not long after Saiyans are born
their skills as a
soldier are tested.
The scum whose scores
are ranked the lowest
are sent to the outer worlds
where the opponents are weak,
much like you were, Kakarot...
In other words...
You were cast out like a dog!
Yes, and as a result
I was lucky enough
to come here to Earth.
I'm grateful for
that... Besides...
Maybe even a
lower-classed outcast
can surpass an elite
if he puts his mind to it.
[VEGETA laughs]
That's a nice
attempt at a joke.
Now let me show you a wall
you will never have
the ability to scale....
Through effort alone!
[GOKU grunts]
Eh...?!
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA]
What's wrong, Kakarot?
Surely you can put up
a better fight than this!
I saw you exert more effort
when you were fighting Nappa,
so why not me?!
Let's see it!
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA laughs]
Impressive...
We've just begun to fight and
already his speed and technique
have far surpassed mine.
This is exciting.
Now show me...! Come on...
Have you used all that
strength you've been hiding?
You wanna see? Fine then!
[GOKU grunts]
Kaio-ken...! Haaa!
[VEGETA yells]
[explosion]
[GOKU grunts]
[VEGETA gasps]
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA laughs]
If that's the limit of
what you have to offer
then I'm sorely disappointed!
[GOKU]
This guy's brutal!
[GOKU laughs]
Then again...
For all the
trouble I'm facing...
I'm beginning to
get more excited!
[VEGETA]
He's laughing...!
Has he lost his mind or
has he given up all hope?
Perhaps he can raise
his power even higher
and he's trying to disguise it.
Come on...!
Are you done already?
I guess you're all
talk then, huh...?
In that case allow me to show
you something before you die...
The overwhelming power
of a Saiyan super-elite!
Heh, Ha... Soon you'll follow
your friends into oblivion!
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU gasps]
[VEGETA yells]
No way...!
His power's incredible!
It's like the whole
planet is shaking!
[VEGETA yells]
[VEGETA grunts]
This wind's like...
a hurricane!
[VEGETA grunts]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA screams]
[rumbling]
[GOKU] Huh...?!
That's strange,
the wind just stopped...
Wait, all of the clouds
have disappeared too!
[GOKU grunts]
It's done... Kakarot.
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU screams]
[VEGETA]
Hey stupid! Behind you!
[GOKU yells]
[GOKU] Ah...!
[VEGETA yells]
Kaio-ken...! Times two!
[explosion]
[VEGETA yells]
[GOKU yells]
[VEGETA laughs]
A ha...Well done...
You dodged it...
Of course I made
that one easy...
After all, it wouldn't be any
fun if you died right away.
[GOKU] Damn... His speed
and power are unreal!
Even my times-two Kaio-ken isn't
enough to keep up with him.
That leaves only one thing.
This may destroy my body
but it's better than dying...
My only choice is to
go Kaio-ken times three!
[YAJIROBE] I'd already
gotten this close,
so "sure" I said,
"I'll stay and watch."
But I never
expected to see this!
Both Goku and that
Saiyan jerk are so strong!
It's really freakin' me out!
[YAJIROBE gulps]
[GOKU] Alright...
So the big question is...
How long will my body
be able to hold out
once I go
Kaio-ken times three?
Why the hesitation...?
Your move, Kakarot!
[GOKU] It's my only
option at this point...
I'll have to pull out all
the stops just to survive!
[VEGETA laughs]
No more of those trick
moves up your sleeve...?
Not that they would
do you much good...
Even among the
other Saiyans...
I was always the
most powerful by far.
I don't care if you've
trained every minute
of your entire life for this...
You will always
and forever be
a low-ranked outcast
and nothing more.
[YAJIROBE] Uh oh! That
Saiyan has Goku over a barrel!
Maybe now's a good
time to bug outta here.
I mean, I could help him,
but what good would it do?
Yeah, time to go.
Besides I'm starting
to get hungry
and nothing's worth
missing a meal over.
[YAJIROBE laughs]
[GOKU exhales heavily]
[GOKU grunts]
Body, don't fail me now...!
Kaio-ken times three!
No...! No...!
I told you not to go
over two-times power!
What are you thinking?!
Well I guess...
It didn't really look like
Goku was going to win...
especially against
a guy that powerful!
Ooohhhhh...
This battle... may be over.
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU screams]
[BULMA gasps]
Hey... What's
the matter?
What? Did something
happen, Bulma?
It's probably
coming from Goku...
but the power level
I'm reading is...
Well... it's shooting
up like crazy!
Goku?
[CHI-CHI]
Are you serious?!
It's seventeen...
Nineteen thousand...
Twenty-one thou... Oh...
[BULMA yells]
[ALL gasp]
It's broken!
[OOLONG] Oh great...
[GOHAN gasps]
[KRILLIN] Huh...?!
[GOKU grunts]
Wha... What the...?
[GOKU yells]
[NARRATOR] Goku defies
the teachings of King Kai
and uses the
Kaio-ken times three!
Will his body be
able to withstand
this onslaught of power?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
My body's really
taking a beating
from using the
Kaio-ken times three.
[VEGETA] How is your power
level higher than mine?
I'll have to do
something about that!
[GOKU] Looks like I'll
have to finish him off
with a Spirit Bomb.
I'm ending this now, Vegeta!
[VEGETA] That's what
I was going to say!
I was hoping not to use this,
but it's time I went all out!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] I'm gonna
fight too, Dad!